During the [[The Calamity|Calamity]] the continent of [[Die Kontinente#Sciena|Sciena]] underwent heavy changes in landscape and was all but left empty by its former inhabitants. From those that survived they either had fled the continent to either [[Die Himmelskörper|Tem]] ([[Die Eveliten|Evelites]]) or to [[Casamar|underwater strongholds]] in the seas ([[Die Dragnarier|Dragnarians]]).

This allowed the invading [[Die Dämonen|Demons]] to make their homes all over the continent. They settled down, devastated the local [[Die Anomi|Anomi]] population, intermixed with them, and tried to build their own holds on the land. However, as is their nature, the strongest, oldest, and most intelligent among them, began to fight each other over land or other sometimes even trivial reasons. In the end, the most aggressive ones wiped each other out, allowing a kind of power equilibrium to form between different **Demon**, **Anomi**, and [[Mischlinge|hybrid]] tribes. 

> [!warning]- Trivia
> This setup, the major players and its resolution are heavily inspired by the videgoame *Terraria*!

That way, **Sciena** became the domain of the wilderness and all kinds of monsters.
# Major Powers
These spread over the largest parts of the empty continent, claiming most of the land. They usual were enemies to each other and wiped every other smaller power from the map, while defending their territories or trying to expand.
## The Mencarni Collective 
In order to survive their prison time in [[Yhra]], one of the eldest [[Die Dämonen#^Krankheiten|epidemic demons]] had to adapt by mingling with multiple [[Die Dämonen#^Koerperteile|body part demons]]. The result was this hive-mind-monstrosity that infected large parts of Sciena shortly after the **Calamity**.
Every piece of Land it infects, turns into a nightmarish landscape of body parts, organs, viscera and flesh. A multitude of lesser creatures, with equal aesthetics, may spawn from the grass or even cave walls to hunt and incorporate anything in their thralls to the ever growing hive mind.    

Although the collective can be seen as a whole, its main intelligence rests in its 3 main parts:
- **The Eye of Mencarni**: By far the easiest to kill, this is also the body part the collective can most easily regrow. It is sent out to scout for potential pray and even explore the land not yet covered by the collective .
- **The Brain of Mencarni**: This is where Mencarni stores its collective memory and does its thinking and planning. It is its most vulnerable organ, and therefore usually resides behind thick, wiry tissue and bone barriers, inside a cave or other enclosed spaces. Destroying the brain will destroy all the collective's memory and will temporarily turn the hive mindless. However, Mencarni will grow another brain, given enough time.
- **The Mouth of Mencarni**: This powerful abomination is Mencarnis strongest body part, and last resort defense mechanism. It is a giant wall of muscled flesh. Wide gaping mouths, with razor sharp teeth, will consume everything while the giant wall rushes at its enemies. Mencarni can form its mouth, from a large part of its own mass, basically anywhere almost instantly, if necessary.
## Anvita
An eldest of the [[Die Dämonen#^Devastatoren|Devastator Demons]], which lives in a symbiosis with multiple kinds of [[Die Pflanzen#^Graeser|grasses]]. Her body is that of a multi-segmented giant worm, which spans multiple kilometers. Her strength lies in the sheer number of offspring she can produce, which all inherit her ability to spread her infectious domain.
The venom they spit, will infect any plant it touches. Infected areas will quickly spread to adjacent plants or even through certain types of soil and rock. This Infection is very hostile to any other life. Especially the plants will attempt to consume, poison, harm or even shred their victims to bits.
Additionally, each segment of her long body can grow into another clone of herself, which already happened a few times.
Due to these circumstances, Anvita managed to infect large parts of the continent very quickly.
## Colacina's Kingdom
One of the original inhabitants of Sciena, Colacina is an elder of the [[Die Elementare#^Feen|pixies]]. She had established a court of fairies long before the **Calamity**, and enjoyed a kind of peaceful coexistence with the **Evelites** before they fled to **Tem**.
Though not as sophisticated as any society of [[Die Invis|Invis]], she organizes and rules an actual kingdom as the queen. That allowed her to stand her own against overwhelming odds during the **Calamity** and the new power structure forming after it.
Her subjects are **fairies**, [[Die Mythen#^Pferde|unicorns]], and pink butterflies. Her lands are covered in rainbows and glitter. However, they will not hesitate to kill anything and anyone threatening their kingdom, even if the "threat" is only stepping on one of their flowers. They have become especially efficient in preventing, and healing, the corruption by either [[#Anvita]] or the [[#The Mencarni Collective|Mencarni Collective]]. They quickly became the main force holding these two at bay.
# Localized Powers
The following occupy smaller, separated areas all over the continent, and managed to defend themselves from the previously mentioned major powers. They are kept at bay, but are too strong to be obliterated, either.
## Ascogator
He is an eldest of the [[Die Mythen#^Tentakler|Kraken]], that used to live in the waters between the **De Monaltas**. During the **Calamity** he got pushed out of the water near **Serpienta**, onto the growing mountains. Looking for a way back to the sea, he stumbled upon an empty [[Die Elementare#^Emeradi|Emeradi]]'s nest. Looking for a way to survive, he started consuming the gems there, and they gave him energy, power, and even quenched hunger and thirst. So he started roaming the southern mountains in search for more gems to consume, which turned him into a hovering Half-Kraken-Half-Emeradi abomination.
## Mother and Father Slime
These two initially were normal [[Die Partikulare#^Schleime|slimes]]. But after they met with **Lurxia** ([[Die Dämonen#^Todsuenden|lust]]) developed such a strong desire for each other that they formed a strange twisted lovers relationship. They started roaming the landscape together, looking out for one another, consuming vast numbers of small prey, while fearfully avoiding the stronger opponents. This strategy helped them to grow in size and produce, also fueled by lust, an uncountable number of offspring of various kinds and sizes. Their individual reign might not be long due to a slime's short lifetime. However, after one of them dies, the feelings immediately are passed on to their offspring, amongst which the new Mother or Father will rise again.
## The Screaming Forest
**Michanipolis** was devastated by a large number of demons that thirsted after the overwhelmed citizens. This slaughter saturated the spiritual area of the city and a strong [[Die Seele#Die Aura|aura]] formed, holding all the wishes, hopes and disappointments of the city's lost population.  
Among the invading demons was **Animix**, an eldest [[Die Dämonen#^Emotionsfresser|Emotion-Eater]]. After the other demons had slaughtered the city, some **Anomi**, and finally themselves, she had a rich supply of [[Die Emotionen|emotions]] to feed on left. So, she decided to settle down. Other creatures were also drawn to the strong **aura**, and when a [[Die Partikulare#^Zombies|Lich]] arrived, lured by the vast amount of death in the air, **Animix** took possession of it and used its abilities to defend her new home from other invaders and leeches.
With her **Lich** host she established a ghostly presence in and around the ruins of **Michanipolis**, raising the dead to defend her domain. However, these **zombies** were quickly spent after a while, so she directed her host to zombify and mobilize the trees of the surrounding forest.
Since **Animix** mainly fed on the **emotions** of courage and hope, the forest's **emotional aura** over time was left with fear and despair. That caused her moving trees to emit ear-splitting screams from time to time, which gave the forest its name.
## Glacicora
The cold reaches of the north are vast and won't support much life in general, that is why they are mostly left alone. However, an eldest of the [[Die Dämonen#^Teufel|devils]] has settled there, strangely appreciative of the solitude after her long imprisonment with millions of her kind. **Glacicora** is a cold devil. A strong snow storm is constantly blowing around her, confusing and freezing anyone daring to come too close.
## The Hive
In the forest around the mountains resides a small kingdom of [[Die Mythen#^Schwarmer|bees]], lead by their queen, the eldest **Apa**. They have a truce with [[#Colacina's Kingdom]], trading their precious honey for protection against [[#Anvita]] and [[#The Mencarni Collective|Melcarni]] and the privilege to collect nectar from the fairy's flowers.
## Spectron
Similar to **Michanipolis**, the citizens of **Pentaweir** were surprised by the **Calamity** and couldn't save themselves from the onslaught. An unusually large number of [[Die Dragnarier|Dragnarians]] were in the city, when it was attacked, and none of them escaped. All that death came with a large quantity of strong emotions, most of them negative.
From their sorrow, their regrets, their anger, and despair rose an army of [[Geister|Ghosts]]. There were so many, that a large number of them merged into a single powerful one. Then at night, it takes possession of the bones of the falling, forming a giant skeleton. It became known as **Spectron**, which attacks anyone and anything that dares to come too close. The other smaller ghosts roam the city catacombs and even the streets day and night.
## The fields of Impiridis
The city of **Stochovor** was not only surprised by the **Calamity**, half of it sank due to the shifting ground. While the remaining citizens beat the odds, and successfully defended against the attacking demons anyway, another cunning menace finished them off entirely. **Impiridis**, an eldest [[Die Dämonen#^Morpher|Morpher Demon]], hid amongst their crops and slowly took over their efforts to salvage a food supply. He himself took the form of a giant pumpkin, fooling the citizens until his "family" grew strong. One night, his trap sprang, and he and his family feasted on the remaining survivors. Anything coming near the city or the ruins will suffer the same fate.
## Saxis and his Tribe
After all **Evelites** had fled from **Lehra** and the attacking demons finished off the remaining stragglers, a tribe of **Lizardmen** moved into the city to seek shelter and a place to build a new home. However, an elder of the [[Die Dämonen#^Devastatoren|Devastator Demons]] had decided to take a nap there after the slaughter. The tribe didn't notice him at first, since his skin is made of stone and rock, he wasn't moving at all, and looked like a statue. So they moved in.

However, after some decades **Saxis**, the demon, awoke, surrounded by a great number of Lizard-Folk. As he began sowing destruction among the tribe, they tried to pacify him with their worship and gifts. That actually worked, especially when they started feeding him chosen members of their tribe. **Saxis** enjoyed his role as a tyrannic deity very much and let them be, as long as they kept feeding him, of course.  

> [!note]- Lizardmen
> Lizardmen developed due to an [[Die Elementare#^Djinns|Earth Djinn]] mingling with a [[Die Tiere#^Echsen|Lizard]]. The circumstances of how this came to pass are unknown.
## Silrus
Since [[#Ascogator]] left the Waters around the **De Monaltas**, **Silrus**, the eldest [[Die Mythen#^Fische|catfish]] sought the opportunity and took his place. The crater filled with water where **Surpuenta** once was. It is rather desolate of life and he could raise his fish family in relative peace. Until the [[#Anvita|Anvita's corruption]] met his shores.
He and his family got infected with her poison, which corrupted their bodies and spirits. Anyone daring to step a foot into their domain, risks becomming fish bait. **Silrus** attacked with water tornados to keep trespassers away. Unfortunately, the water was rich on fish, so here and there his own children got caught in these tornados and got flung on land.   
## Mulflore
**Mulfore**, and eldest of the [[Die Pflanzen#^Schlinger|Creepers]], is very resilient and has immense recovery abilities. So she easily survived the **Calamity**. Living and growing as an inconspicuous bulb, **Mulflore** was eventually influenced by Gullia ([[Die Dämonen#^Todsuenden|Gluttony]]). She wanted to take the forest she lived in all for herself and slowly started to grow her roots to cover its whole area, creating bulb after bulb.
Her bulbs, which could turn into fast moving maw like creepers, attacked and devoured anything coming too close.
[[#The Hive|Apa's Hive]] called that same forest its home. After **Mulflore**'s creepers killed enough bees, something like a war broke out between plant and bees. Eventually the bees, with the help of [[#Colacina's Kingdom|their fairy allies]], won and all of **Mulflore**'s bulbs were eradicated.

Or so they thought. The bees celebrated their Victory and thought themselves superior. They didn't know, however, that **Mulflore**'s network of roots was vast and new bulbs waited to be formed, when the time to strike came again.
# Final Notes
The [[#Major Powers|3 major powers]], as well as a number of the [[#Localized Powers|localized ones]], are defeated during the efforts of [[Kristallfeder Enjar]] and her allies before the [[The founding of Bardeena|founding of Bardeena]]. But some of them are still active and alive to this day.