After the [[Die Geburt der Zwielichter|birth of the Twilights]] to [[Foras]] and [[Candaera]], [[Seylúna]] is brought up by [[Neriva]] and [[Titania]] grows up very loyal and eager to please her father. Foras presents Titania to [[Evel]], who helps Foras to breed her into the [[Die Titanier|Titanians]], with men from different races.
# His Rejection
After the Titanians grew significantly in numbers. Foras couldn't wait to show them to the other [[Die Regidea|Regidea]]. He did so by inviting some of them, but after it became clear that none of the others approved much, Foras became angry. So he started to develop plans for recovering [[Pyrir]] and waging war against everyone else.
In the coming centuries he bred more Titanians, trained them and Titania, and every [[Die Forasier|Forasian]], to become even fiercer, more loyal, and perfect warriors. Also, he frequently visited [[Yhra]], to find a way to retrieve the spear **Pyrir**. He tries and fails for a long time to penetrate the barrier around the [[Die Dämonen|demons]], but eventually discovers a weak spot at the very top.
As the [[Foras' Rache|continents were split]], **Pyrir** had knocked a very thin and long dent into the barrier. This dent manifests as a bright beam reaching from the spears resting grounds to the top of the barrier. It is deadly for **demons**, so Foras, infested with **Iria**, can only reach the spear under great pain. But he reaches and grabs it, extinguishing the hurtful beam of light. Drunk with its power, he discards his [[Die Strafe der Regimenta#Die Instrumenta Ducti|hammer]] on the spot.
The vanishing of the light beam alerts every **demon** in the prison to Foras' presence. He quickly returns the way he came, **demons** on his tail. Using the power of **Pyrir**, he manages to fight his pursuers off and to seal the barrier's weak spot, effectively keeping any **demons** from escaping their prison.
Satisfied, he returns to [[Die Kontinente|Durandar]], **Pyrir** in hand. However, due to his little stunt, the structural integrity of the barrier was disturbed, and very slowly it started to weaken.
# His Tyranny
Shortly after, Foras invited the other **Regidea** to **Durandar**. He presents himself with **Pyrir**, the symbol of his leadership, and declares himself their leader once more. He invites them to challenge this position, but is able to foil any of their combined attempts. In the end, they are forced to accept his rule.
However, Foras does not plan on taking world domination by with brute force. Being a good sport with wars, and still keen on proving himself to the others, he establishes a few rules: To show them how wrong they were about the **Titanians** (and by extension him), he is sending them out against the other continents. So, instead of attacking himself, the **Titanians** would invade and conquer the other **Regidea**'s lands instead. None of them, including himself, were allowed to interfere, or Foras would step in and wipe them off the planet.
The following century Foras sent out groups of **Titanians** all over the world to conquer city after city. Meanwhile the other **Regidea** tried to find ways to stop this tyranny, which finally happened after the [[Titania's Story#The Invasion of Silviem|invasion of Silviem]].
# His Murder
Foras' fury after the defeat of **Titania** in [[Die Kontinente#Silviem|Silviem]] was immense. He was so enraged that he did not accept this defeat. Instead he counted the interference of **Seylúna** as a break of the rules he set earlier. He even suspects a meddling on the part of **Neriva** and [[Lygrassyl]]. So he vows to cut the great tree down immediately, as a punishment for their transgressions.
Foras started to attack **Silviem** himself, slowly, delightfully ravaging his way towards **Milubâr**. **Neriva**, who had fled in a panic after Foras' announcement, could only watch in horror as he crept nearer and nearer - leaving a burned streak of devastation through the forest behind him. With the help of **Lygrassyl**, she called out for the other **Regidea**, who came to her aid immediately.
They once again tried with combined forces to stop Foras, but once again were defeated at his feet. Foras, glad to have an opportunity to lecture all of them at once, ignited the great **Lygrassyl** in a fountain of flame. **Lygrassyl** was writhing in pain. All over the world her roots ripped out of the earth, devastating nearby landscapes or settlements.
**Neriva**, feeling the tree's pain as if it was her own, let out a cry of despair. Crying fiercely she called out to the [[Die Gyrgothen|Gyrgoth]], the [[Die Regimenta|Regimenta]], or any force that would listen. Her cries, and the ravings of **Lygrassyl** reached **Lygea** in her dreams. The little pieces of **Lygea**'s [[Die Seele|soul]] in the [[Die Strafe der Regimenta#Die Instrumenta Consollum|Instrumenta Consollum]] reacted. The **Instrumenta** flew out of the **Regidea**'s hands, with the exception of Foras' hammer, and with a bright light they combined into an unstable ghostly manifestation of the **Lygea**.
This ghostly part of **Lygea** took **Pyrir** from Foras, and shattered it into Pieces, releasing the **soul** of the [[Die Elementare#^Drachen|dragon]] within. Then the apparition vanished and the 5 **Instrumenta** reappeared in its stead. While the other 4 took care of Foras, **Neriva** went to extinguish **Lygrassyl**, but it was too late. The great tree was on the brink of death. **Neriva** could not bear to lose her ancient friend. To save the tree's life, she sacrificed her own and fused with what was left of it. The great tree was no more, but a much smaller brightly shining tree emerged from its roots anew, [[Eseyána]].
# Aftermath
Though gone, the others could still feel **Neriva**'s presence in the growing sapling. After they subdued Foras, they gathered around it to council over what to do with the situation at hand.
Foras would be imprisoned for his crimes inside the center of the great volcano **Igtus Dyr**, on [[Die Kontinente#Durandar|Durandar]]. There he would stay, and would still be allowed to lead his people how he saw fit, however with limited executive powers.
[[Die Kontinente#Silviem|Silviem]]'s ruler was gone, but the **Regidea** trusted in the sapling to give guidance to the [[Die Nerivaner|Nerivan people]], according to the principles **Neriva** has taught them. However, the **Titanians** should be removed from Foras' rule, and therefore had no **Regidea** to guide them. So they should be allowed to rule themselves. But the last years didn't put much trust into Titanian morals, so the **Regidea** came up with the [[KINGS_QUEST]] ritual to select worthy leaders.