The Calamity is an event in lygean history that, in almost an instant, significantly changed the whole world. The [[Die Dämonen|demons]] imprisoned in [[Yhra]] broke out and came over the world, while [[Foras]] followed an agenda of his own. In the end, the world map changed drastically, the [[Die Regidea|Regidea]] were gone, and the vast majority of the world's population perished.

This article tells the [[#The Story|story]] of how it came to pass, and gives details about its [[#Details|repercussions]].
# The Story
Shortly after the first [[Die Titanier|Titanian]] leader completed [[KINGS_QUEST]], strange tremors started to appear frequently all over Lygea. As the Regidea went to investigate, they found the barrier intact, but closer inspection revealed that it was slowly weakening.
The demons inside seemed to have noticed, too, and combined their efforts into cracking the barrier from the inside. Wondering how this could be, the Regidea tried to strengthen the prison, but found themselves unable to. After many attempts, they had to admit: The demons would come out eventually.
In a matter of months, so they estimated, an army of hundreds of thousands of demons would come over the world. Among them, hundreds of [[Die Anomi#Die Ältesten|eldest]] and two [[Die Urwesen#Die Urdämonen|primordial]] ones. The Regidea once again would be facing formidable foes.

Since fighting was Foras' specialty, they approached him for advice. But he refused to help, unless they would lift his [[Foras the Tyrant#Aftermath|prison sentence]]. They didn't take this decision lightly, and gathered around [[Eseyána]] again to discuss this. They discussed for a long time, but in the end agreed to give in to Foras' demands.
Foras seemed to fulfill his part nicely. He helped them equip their people with weapons, even help with developing new ones. Under his guidance, the Regidea fortified their cities and trained their warriors. However, his thoughts were far from pure.  
## The Last Millennium Congress
As the Millennium drew to a close, the Regidea met around [[Eseyána]] again, to perform the [[Die Regidea#Rituale|Ritual of Sight]]. However, Foras, who seemed to have kept word so far, did not appear. They didn't need to wonder long what he was up to, though.
Foras had come up with a scheme, which was about to unfold as the effects of [[Kosmische Ereignisse#Konjunktion - Elementarchaos|Elemental Chaos]] set it. When he had learned that the demons were about to break out of their prison, he saw an opportunity to get rid of his fellow Regidea brethren. He would help the demons escape preemptively. Them and **Elemental Chaos** would throw the world into enough disarray for Foras to eliminate each Regidea one by one.
When he noticed strange effects on his [[Die Elemente|elemental]] powers, he summoned his [[Die Strafe der Regimenta#Die Instrumenta Consollum|hammer]] to him. The hammer, infused with the power of Lygea, flew towards Foras with supersonic speed, shattering the barrier around the demons once and for all. The mountain over the prison exploded, sending massive tremors over the entire planet. The prison opened, much much sooner than everyone had anticipated.

Lygea stirred heavily in her sleep. **Yhra**, after all this time, was still kind of an open wound, causing a lot of pain for the [[Die Regimenta|Regimenta]]. So, even while demons swarmed over the world, new parts of land rose from the sea, while others sank to the ocean, rivers became seas, mountains moved and shifted, whole subcontinents disappeared, cities drowned.
## A state of Catastrophe
The people of Lygea were taken by surprise. Not only by continent splitting earthquakes, but also because powerful demons came down on them everywhere. Additionally, the "help" Foras had provided, proved to be rather inefficient. The Regidea rushed to their peoples, and had their hands full trying to coordinate a defense:
- The [[Die Nerivaner|Nerivans]], with [[Eseyána]]'s help, hastily tried to enclose their cities inside thickly [[Die Mystik#Basierend auf Animation|animated]] domes of wood. Many cities were ill prepared, and those who managed to conjure the domes, had to lock out a lot of people. Even then, many of the domes were cracked or burned open by an onslaught of demons. Only a few of the biggest and strongest cities survived.
- [[Dragnar]] hurried to help his people. Not having enough time to help all [[Die Dragnarier|Dragnarians]] still on the surface, he made to defend their underwater cities personally. However, he was unable to help all of them. Most cities perished. In the end Dragnar fought desperately to keep the biggest and last of their cities unharmed, which he managed barely.    
- The [[Die Forasier|Forasians]], even though Foras did not come to help them, threw themselves into the oncoming threat. They relished the battle, and fought bravely. Many died, but others fought to win, and a scattered few cities stood strong until the end.
- As [[Rowagass]] appeared in [[Die Kontinente#Cantien|Cantien]], she found the continent under the attack of the [[Die Urwesen|primordial]] demon **Mundentor**, who had already flattened large parts of the continent. Rowagass engaged in a fierce battle with him. A battle that devastated most of the continent. A lot of the [[Die Rowagier|Rowagians]] fled to the [[Die Fliegenden Inseln|flying islands]], which were also under attack by airborne demons. Here too, many perished, but a few strongholds remained to the end.
- The [[Die Teyaner|Teyans]], as was their plan, fled into the **Magnupeta** Mountains to hide underground. Still many fell victim to the attacking, and sometimes even ground dwelling demons. Their casualties were even greater, because [[Teya]], for a reason unknown to them, did not appear for their aid. Very few of the **Teyans** successfully defended themselves against the demons until the end.    
- The [[Die Eveliten|Evelites]], too, were caught by surprise by invading and ravaging demons. They saw themselves forced to launch prematurely. They launched spaceships, many untested, towards [[Die Regimenta|Tem]]. Some of them were intercepted by demons, others' engines simply failed, but in the end a few reached their destination with [[Evel]]'s help.
- The [[Die Titanier|Titanians]], due to loosing their leader, vanished inside their [[KINGS_QUEST|stormy prison]].
## The End of the Regidea
[[Teya]], instead of helping her people, hurried to **Yhra** immediately. She felt the pain of Lygea and went to see, if she could ease that suffering. Foras, who was sure at least one of his siblings would show up here, seized that opportunity. He fainted helping her, but ultimately talked her into taking a similar measure as [[Seylúna|Neriva did with Lygrassyl]]. She dissolved herself into the skar, and formed a seal over it in the form of a big earthen temple. This way she connected herself tightly to Lygea's body and [[Die Seele|soul]], easing her suffering, preventing her from ever feeling such pain again. 
The tremors stopped and the lands stayed still again. With a satisfied smile, Foras went after his next victim.
He went to [[Die Kontinente#Cantien|Cantien]] to look for [[Rowagass]], and found her deep in Battle with **Mundentor**. As **Rowagass** spotted him, she was glad and expected him to help her to defeat the demon. He actually did help, a little. After their battle, Foras found himself in the company of a rather worn out **Rowagass**, and as she turned her back on him, he attacked. Horribly wounded and horrified, she tried to flee from him, but again and again he caught her, mutilating her. In the end he pierced her with his fire, and she died on top of her former castle, her soul splitting and settling into the place.
Foras went for [[Dragnar]] next, hoping he could catch him by surprise, too. However, **Dragnar**, who was busy defending his people underwater, was immediately skeptical of Foras' appearance there. He had felt the disappearances of **Teya** and **Rowagass**, managed to anticipate Foras' backstab, and engaged in an open battle with him. The two Regidea fought long and hard. Being natural opposites, they hovered in equilibrium for a while, nobody gaining ground over the other.
As it became clear that neither could defeat the other, **Dragnar** felt it necessary to also sacrifice himself to defeat Foras. With all his might he lunged at Foras, dropping him deep, deep into the ocean, bringing him down to the floor. **Dragnar** then started to dissolve. He engulfed a struggling Foras in water and its neighboring [[Die Elemente|elements]], becoming the bind that shackled Foras. Foras came to rest inside **Dragnar**'s new form, a multi layered monolith of impassable Ice, Mineral, Live, Poison, and Water.

When [[Evel]] felt the disappearance of both **Dragnar** and Foras, he went to investigate, but was interrupted by the conjunction. He answered [[Die Gyrgothen#Chrotem|Chrotem]] and was surprised to hear that only 2 voices had answered him - **Evel**'s own voice and [[Titania|Titania]]'s. Over **Chrotem**, **Evel** learned about **Titania**'s whereabouts. He knew he was the last [[Die Regidea|Regidea]] left, so went to fetch **Titania** instead. Together they made for the moon, to join the [[Die Eveliten|Evelitian]] survivors there.  
## Subsiding
Over time, the survivors of the calamity fended off the largest and most dangerous of the demons, and it slowly began to subside. Demons still roamed the lands in great numbers, but the [[Die Invis|Invis]] were safe inside the remaining cities. Very slowly, the civilizations grew again. New civilizations were formed and one day, a buried chamber was discovered, containing [[Titania's Story|6 babies in tempostasis]]…
# Details
## Repercussions
The result of the great calamity was a devastated world. This list contains the major changes Lygea underwent because of it:
- Most of the lygean population, of any kind, perished either due to the demons or the natural disasters accompanying the whole thing. An uncountable number of villages, towns, and even cities went with them, so only a few well protected ones remained.
- Many demons settled in to stay and interbred with other species of the [[Die Anomi|Anomi]]. So the continent's wildernesses became even more dangerous and the homes for all kinds of monsters.
- Most traces of the [[Die Titanier|Titanians]] and [[Die Eveliten|Evelites]] vanished entirely from Lygea, forming the subjects of legends. For many that still remembered them, the two races often became one and the same. [[Die Kontinente#Sciena|Sciena]] became void of any [[Die Invis|Invis]], hybrid or otherwise.
- For all intents and purposes, none of the [[Die Regidea|Regidea]] remained on Lygea. Some of them still had some kind of weakened residual presence, though.
- The lygean world map had changed drastically. Even though she felt intense pain, neither Lygea nor any of the other [[Die Regimenta|Regimenta]] woke up.
## Names



Although it commonly got known as simply "The Calamity", or "The Great Calamity" all over Lygea. Each group of survivors usually had their own name for it:
- The Nerivans called it