After the [[Die Geburt der Zwielichter|birth of the Twilights]] to [[Foras]] and [[Candaera]], [[Seylúna]] is raised by [[Neriva]] and [[Titania]] grows up very loyal and eager to please her father. Foras presents Titania to [[Evel]], who helps Foras to breed her into the [[Die Titanier|Titanians]], with men from different races.
# His Rejection
After the Titanians grew significantly in numbers. Foras couldn't wait to show them to the remaining [[Die Regidea|Regidea]], so he invited them all to [[Die Kontinente#Durandar|Durandar]] to show what **Evel** and he had done. But instead of being impressed, they were appalled by what they saw. Especially Neriva, after what Foras pulled to get there. They saw the Titanians as an affront to nature and heavily discouraged Foras to continue with his efforts.
But this time Foras didn't give in, and they had a fierce argument. In the end they dispersed in anger. While Evel and Rowagass stayed in a rather neutral position, Neriva, Teya, and Dragnar vowed to actively go against his plans and to stop him.
In the coming decades they never made up and, for the first time since creation, the siblings became actual enemies. Battles started to wage, and the races of Lygea secluded themselves more than ever before. Due to the fighting, and because he didn't want to taint their blood with any of his Forasians, Foras barely managed to sustain a stable Titanian population. Still he was convinced of his idea. He wanted to proof the superiority of the ultimate. He needed to!
# His Solution
Foras often visited [[Yhra]], if he needed to think during this time. Also, he liked to daydream about retrieving the mighty [[Pyrir]] from inside the barrier that was imprisoning the [[Die Dämonen|demons]]. With it, he could gain the power to subdue his siblings. He also often vented his anger by unloading on the barrier without holding back. So far the barrier held strong, but eventually, on a day when he felt particularly angry, he accidentally discovered a weak spot at the very top of the barrier.
As the [[Foras' Rache|continents were split]], **Pyrir** had knocked a very thin and long anomalous dent into the barrier. This dent manifested as a bright beam reaching from the spears resting grounds to the top of the barrier. It was deadly for **demons**, so it initially caused great pain for the **Iria** infested Foras, too.
However, he collected himself and dove in. Greatly struggling, he eventually reached and grabbed the spear, extinguishing the hurtful beam of light. Drunk with its power, he even discards his [[Die Strafe der Regimenta#Die Instrumenta Consollum|hammer]] on the spot.
The vanishing of the light beam alerts every **demon** in the prison to Foras' presence. He quickly returns the way he came, **demons** on his tail. Using the power of **Pyrir**, he manages to fight his pursuers off and to seal the barrier's weak spot, effectively keeping any **demons** from escaping their prison.
Satisfied, he returns to [[Die Kontinente|Durandar]], **Pyrir** in hand. However, due to his little stunt, the structural integrity of the barrier was disturbed, and very slowly it started to weaken.

After the Titanians grew significantly in numbers. Foras couldn't wait to show them to the remaining [[Die Regidea|Regidea]], so he invited them all to [[Die Kontinente#Durandar|Durandar]] to show what Evel and he had done. But instead of being impressed, they were appalled by what they saw. Especially Neriva, after what he had pulled to get there. They saw the Titanians as an affront to nature and heavily discouraged Foras to continue with his efforts.
But this time Foras didn't give in, and they had a large argument. In the end they dispersed in anger. While Evel and Rowagass stayed in a rather neutral position, Neriva, Teya, and Dragnar vowed to go against and stop him.
# His Tyranny
Shortly after, Foras invited the other **Regidea** to **Durandar**, under the pretends of peacemaking. He presents himself with **Pyrir**, the symbol of his leadership, and declares himself their leader once more. He invites them to challenge this position, but is able to foil any of their combined attempts. In the end, they are forced to accept his rule.
However, Foras does not plan on taking world domination by with brute force. Being a good sport with wars, and still keen on proving himself to the others, he establishes a few rules: To show them how wrong they were about the **Titanians** (and by extension him), he is sending them out against the other continents. So, instead of attacking himself, the **Titanians** would invade and conquer the other **Regidea**'s lands instead. None of them, including himself, were allowed to interfere, or Foras would step in and wipe them off the planet.
The following century Foras sent out groups of **Titanians** all over the world to conquer city after city. Meanwhile the other **Regidea** tried to find ways to stop this tyranny, which finally happened after the [[Titania's Story#The Invasion of Silviem|invasion of Silviem]].
# His Daughter
Foras' fury after the [[Titania's Story#The Invasion of Silviem|defeat of Titania in Silviem]] was immense. He was so enraged that he did not accept this defeat. Instead he counted the interference of [[Seylúna]] as a break of the rules he set earlier. He even suspects a meddling on the part of **Neriva** and [[Lygrassyl]]. So he vows to cut the great tree down immediately, as a punishment for their transgressions.
Foras started to attack **Silviem** himself, slowly, delightfully ravaging his way towards **Milubâr**. **Neriva** could only watch in horror as he crept nearer and nearer - leaving a burned streak of devastation through the forest behind him. With the help of **Lygrassyl**, she called out for the other **Regidea**, who tried to come to her aid quickly.
At the foot of the tree a surprise waited for Foras: His second daughter **Seylúna**, as she did during the invasion, stepped forth as the last resort protector of **Lygrassyl**. Her mother's likeness stopped Foras in his track, and, as he sensed her [[Die Seele|soul]], he was stumped. Did [[Candaera]] rise from the dead? How could she have almost killed their daughter **Titania**? Did she regain her strength?
While Foras was distracted with his daughter. The others had time to arrive. With combined strength, they went against him, again. Even **Lygrassyl** and **Seylúna** helped as much as they could. 
They nearly managed to disarm him, but in a moment of clarity, he finally recognized who **Seylúna** really was, and he swiftly nailed her to **Lygrassyls** bark. The great tree instantly ignited in a fountain of flame. **Lygrassyl** was writhing in pain. All over the world her roots ripped out of the earth, devastating nearby landscapes or settlements.
**Neriva**, feeling the tree's pain, as if it was her own, let out a cry of despair. Crying fiercely she called out to the [[Die Gyrgothen|Gyrgoth]], the [[Die Regimenta|Regimenta]], or any force that would listen. Her cries, and the ravings of **Lygrassyl** reached **Lygea** in her dreams. The little pieces of **Lygea**'s [[Die Seele|soul]] in the present [[Die Strafe der Regimenta#Die Instrumenta Consollum|Instrumenta Consollum]] reacted. The **Instrumenta** flew out of the **Regidea**'s hands and with a bright light they combined into an unstable ghostly manifestation of the **Lygea**.
**Lygea** herself took **Pyrir** from Foras, and shattered it into pieces, releasing the **soul** of the [[Die Elementare#^Drachen|dragon]] within. Then the apparition vanished and the 5 **Instrumenta** reappeared in its stead.
While the other 4 took care of Foras, **Neriva** went to extinguish **Lygrassyl** and potentially rescue **Seylúna**, but it was too late. All help came to late for the latter, but the great tree was still on the brink of death. **Neriva** could not bear to lose her ancient friend. To save the tree's life, she sacrificed her own and fused with what was left of it. The great tree was no more, but a small brightly shining sapling emerged from its roots anew, [[Eseyána]].
# Aftermath
Though gone, the others could still feel **Neriva**'s presence in the growing sapling. After they subdued Foras, they gathered around it to council over what to do with the situation at hand.
Foras would be imprisoned for his crimes inside the center of the great volcano **Igtus Dyr**, on [[Die Kontinente#Durandar|Durandar]]. There he would stay, and would still be allowed to lead his people how he saw fit, however with limited executive powers.
[[Die Kontinente#Silviem|Silviem]]'s ruler was gone, but the **Regidea** trusted in the sapling to give guidance to the [[Die Nerivaner|Nerivan people]], according to the principles **Neriva** has taught them. However, the **Titanians** should be removed from Foras' rule, and therefore had no **Regidea** to guide them. So they should be allowed to rule themselves. But the last years didn't put much trust into Titanian morals, so the **Regidea** came up with the [[KINGS_QUEST]] ritual to select worthy leaders.
